Rocket Hammer
Damage Type: Blunt
Special Feature: The player is able to tell the pawn to perform a rocket jump,
a thrust assited blunt that send the pawn flying towards its' designated target. 
The player can choose to target the ground or a pawn. I know that all probably going
to be C#, but I thought the information would be help in deciding the weapons power.

Attack cycle: Short warm-up, same cool-down of the zeus hammer. The damage should be slightly better
the Zeus Hammer, but it should have significantly higher blunt penetration.

The weapon's research level is industrial. It can be researched once Machining, transport pods, and bio-fuel refining have been unlocked. It should require 800 research.
The weapon is craftable and affected by quality.


This weapon will have it's own custom sound onhit.


Sagittarius' Might
Damage Type:Blunt and Obliterated(C#)
Special Feature: Sagittarius' Might functions similarly to a doomsday rocket. Without it's special feature, the weapon is a decent blunt weapon yet can be easily
outclassed by any well crafted alternative. It's designed like a pike, but there a wormhhole projecter(I will find a better name later) connected to the nearest black hole.
The weapon/artifact has 200% blunt penertration once activated, but every hit damages it.
The player can choose to overload the weapon, creating a small event horizon after a short delay.
This lasts about an instant and obilterate everything in a radius (9, 12, 16?).

The Weapon is of an ultra tech research level.
The weapon has no persona varients.
The Weapon has no quality levels.
The weapon should be treated like an artifact and/or vanilla rocket launcher.
I haven't decided whether or not it should be craftable yet.
Needs a custom sound on hit.

I have legodude17 working on the C# at the moment, so if you run into anything issues that might
affect his work, just let him know ahead of time.


Finally
The Guardian Shield
Functions like  the riot shield from the Vanilla Expanded Insect Faction mod.
The weapon should have great sharp and decent blunt protection.
Special Features:
The sheild is supposed to extendable, protecting the pawn equipped with it to block all damage
recieved out side of fire damage. Damage recieved is applied to the shield's hit points.
When the shield is extended, the pawn can only move in a straight line back and forward/the pawn is  rooted.
The shield should be craftable in the base mod, requiring Fabrication to craft.
The shield is Spacer Tech.
The shield is influenced by quality.

That's everything outside all the C# stuff.